His name is CongMingXueZhang, which can be loosely translated as Mr. Smart. He is an influencer on DouYin, the Chinese version of TikTok. He creates videos about his studying methods and experience.

How I knew him? Actually, I found out about him by accident. My friend was browsing videos on DouYin the other day, and shared his videos with me. The video, I still remember, was about how to memorize difficult vocabulary in English. It was so interesting, so intriguing, and it captivated me at once, and I started following him since then.

Basically, he shares videos about his studying experiences, studying methods, and even life lessons, sometimes. From his video, you can totally tell that he is so smart, it's like everything in studying is just a piece of cake to him, he is almost, how to put it, omniscient, I guess. The most impressive video was how he managed to remember 1000 words in three days. I mean, come on, that's more than difficult, it's very difficult, it's a daunting task. But he did it! He shared how he divided these words into different groups, and how he adopted various ways to memorize them, and even how he took advantage of different locations to consolidate the memories. I was surprised to see this, no, I was more than surprised, I was stunned.

This is him, a superman in the academic field. I guess I followed him not only because he is smart, but also because deep deep down, he resonates with me. I want to become smart, become brilliant, and become omniscient as well. And I believe his videos are going to go viral on DouYin very soon.
