People seem to have contradictory views concerning advertisements' influence on us: some argue that advertising creates a considerable impact upon people's purchase decisions; others, however, consider that their ubiquity makes them less influential. While I acknowledge that validity of the former perspective in many circumstances, I am more sympathetic to the latter one, believing that in most scenarios, current advertising is too commonplace to arrest our attention.

On the one hand, advertisements can sway customers' opinions for several reasons. Firstly, advertisers are adept with various advertising strategies to capture consumers' attention and further manipulate their buying behavior. Compare-and-contrast strategies, celebrity endorsement, and previous customers' testimonials, for example, play vital role in advertising and prove to be effective in many cases; some sellers even tap into psychology fields, studying customers' subconscious and hypnotizing them into buying the product in a subtle yet efficacious way. Secondly, the information gap between sellers and buyers is also responsible for an advertisement's effectiveness. The less information concerning the product users gather prior to a transaction the more vulnerable they may be to the dazzling advertising slogan.

On the other hand, advertisements, even the artful one, are so widespread that they may fail to command as much attention as we assume. Firstly, the current society is replete with advertisements, and this makes it extremely hard for any single one to stand out and retain enduring popularity. Secondly, while every sellers spares no effort in brainwashing his/her target customers with appealing slogans, customers also building immunity to seemingly attractive commercials. My anecdote serves as a compelling example: when i need to buy something over 100 pounds, i collect comprehensive information concerning the product from mixed sources and always try to make decisions based on logical analysis and rational justification instead of on emotions or impulse. Finally, we must admit that some misleading and even fraudulent advertising does exist, and once the misinformation is discriminated and debunked, those false advertisements will end up repelling potential customers instead of attracting them.

In conclusion, while some people may be susceptible to flamboyant advertising, the influence of advertisements is exaggerated in most circumstances.
