The line graph compares four countries (the United Kingdom, Sweden, Italy, and Portugal) regarding the amount of CO2 released per capita over 40 years.

Overall, Portugal and Italy experienced a steady rise in average carbon dioxide emissions per person from 1967 to 2007, while the United Kingdom and Sweden witnessed a drop in the past 40 years. Despite their respecive increase and decrease, the CO2 release per capita in the United Kingdom and Portugal remained the highest and lowest of the four countries throughout the period.

In 1967, each person in Portugal released fewer than 2 metric tonnes of CO2, ranking the lowest among the four countries. The figure then saw a steady rise in the following 40 years to over 5 metric tonnes in 2007, equaling the amount for Sweden. Having experienced a parallel upward trend in the past 40 years, the quantity per person in Italy reached nearly 8 metric tonnes of CO2 in 1997, and the figure plateaued in the following 10 years, ranking the second among the four countries by the end of the period shown.

Each Sweden emitted an amount of CO2 over 8 metric tonnes in 1967. It rose in the following 10 years to a peak of approximately 10 metric tonnes and began to experienced a considerable decrease in the subsequent 30 years, being overtaken by Italy in around 1990. The United Kingdom, the country with the most significant figure in 1967, saw a steady drop in individual CO2 emissions in the following 40 years, and the figure declined from nearly 11 to approximately 8.7. Despite this decline, however, the CO2 emissions each Briton contributed to remained the largest in 2007, compared to its counterparts in the other three countries.
